Smile, you can stay at home and wait for marriage recently
Which wild man did you call?
Give me back my phone
I said why didn't you go home every day before?
Hooking up wild men outside, right?
I'll let you out.
I let you go
I let you roll
Okay, okay.
They're getting married in two days
Let his in-laws see his injuries
It doesn't look good either
If you weren't getting married in a few days
I will never let you go.
Damn girl, don't be shameless.
That dowry is for your brother's wife
Don't even think about it.
Let you marry honestly
Otherwise, there is your color for you to see.
Mom
Brother is your child
Am I not?
Why do you do this to monsters?
Blame you for being a woman. Go
Stay inside and reflect
Obediently waiting to get married
Can you open the door?
Don't do this
What are you eating?
What are you eating? I've been working so hard